Next up in this video we are going
to talk about static methods.
They are actually very fun
and pretty easy to work on with.
I'll just walk you through.
So let's go ahead and get
into the new file.
And by the way, static methods are
helpful when you want utility
functions grouped with your classes
without depending on any instance.
And I know this is a lot and you
might be thinking I didn't got it.
What do you really mean
to say with this jargon?
Don't worry, I will explain you
with the code and it
will be super, super easy.
Let me go ahead and create
a new file for you.
And let's create this one.
And we're going to call 09
and this one will be static method.
It can be method or methods.
Don't judge me on that.
But we're going to just go like that.
So let's go ahead and create a new
file and start writing some code.
Now in order to start with
static method, first of all,
let me get this up here.
Go ahead and create a simple class.
This will be a simple class
which says chai utils a simple
utility for the chai.
And again we can go
really crazy in that.
But we'll just go
with the simple one.
So I can just go ahead and define
a method just like this.
Let's call this one as
clean ingredients.
Clean ingredients.
And it will receive a text with this.
This method just receives a text.
Pretty simple.
And what it does, it
loops through the value.
So it just says for item in text.
And it takes the whole text
and split it and use a method known
as split with all the text
and splits it based on the comma.
All right, so we receive a long text
which might have a comma and we
just split them based on the comma.
Once we are done with this, we
want to actually go ahead
and get the response and remove
all the spacing from it.
Got it.
Pretty simple.
So I'll just go ahead and put up.
This is the part we have studied.
So if you remember this, we can
create an array just like this.
And now I can actually comprehend it.
So I'll receive an item here.
That is we have studied and I also
further want to strip it down.
So there we go.
And we're going to return this.
This is a really classic way
of writing, the things.
So let me give you an example
of how this will actually work.
So let's just say you have
a simple string just like this.
You have a space at the start.
Then you simply say water and then
probably you have one more space,
then you simply go like this and
then say you have milk, two spaces,
a comma and then we are going to
have ginger just like this and goes
like that.
So if any string like this is being
passed onto this, we are actually
going ahead and extracting all
the values separated by comma, then
stripping all the extra spaces.
That's why this item strip and.
And we get all the value
as a nice sorted array.
This is what it does.
Now there are a couple
of ways how you can use it.
Let's go ahead and define this.
So let's just say this is
a raw and this is a simple
string with a space.
We have a water, then a space, then
a comma and then we have milk, then
we have a space comma just like
this we have ginger, ginger which
also have a space and then finally
honey.
And that is how it looks like.
So we want that this string should be
passed on to this utility function
and we should extract the value.
Now most of the time what you're
going to do is we're going
to go ahead and create an object.
So let's call this one as object.
This object will be from
the chai utils just like this.
And now through this object I can
just go ahead and call the method
cleaningredients and then I have
to pass this raw method.
Absolutely nothing wrong with this.
This is the usual aspect or usual way
of how we build the things.
But, but there is another way
that these are the things which
doesn't need any object.
We just want that something
needs to be passed on through
this kind of a method.
So there is another interesting
way and this is where
the decorator comes up.
So you can just go
just about this one.
And by the way ignore this part
up here and I can just annotate this
with a static method use at the rate
and then say static method.
Now your way of writing the code
is now going to be different.
You can directly use this
chai utils and have
the method.cleaningredients.
yes, we can now do this and pass
on a raw value just here and we
can store this raw value here.
So let's just call
this one as cleaned.
And now we can just go ahead
and print this cleaned.
There we go.
So I hope you got the value
that how the static method
and they are used quite a lot.
They are used quite a lot.
Let me show you by opening this
up and we will say Python 3 and this
will be 09 and there we go.
We got all the values.
Can we do this with
the previous method as well?
Of course.
But static method are those
methods which doesn't
require any object creation.
They are not dependent on the object.
You can directly go ahead
and use the classes and as
a utility methods and these are
very common in utilities.
You create a lot of utilities
like database interactions
and especially in the fastapi,
a lot of them are there.
So directly use the class name.
And this is also another
one way of using it.
So this is it.
For the static methods,
there is nothing more
to it, nothing less to it.
It's just a way and how you do it.
And make sure you don't
forget the decorator.
If you intend it that this method
should be allowed to be used
without creating an object.
Don't forget this decorator.
And that is it.
Hope you're enjoying these things.
And if you're enjoying,
please do rate us.
We would love to see your rating.
This is something that helps us
to motivate and build
more awesome videos.
That is it for this one.
Let's catch up in the next one.